ifort -DIA32 -DREAL4 -g -tpp7 -O3 -convert big_endian -c mod_xc.F
ifort: command line remark #10148: option '-tpp7' not supported
ifort -DIA32 -DREAL4 -g -tpp7 -O3 -convert big_endian -c mod_za.F
ifort: command line remark #10148: option '-tpp7' not supported
ifort -DIA32 -DREAL4 -g -tpp7 -O3 -convert big_endian -c mod_trans.F
ifort: command line remark #10148: option '-tpp7' not supported
ifort -DIA32 -DREAL4 -g -tpp7 -O3 -convert big_endian -c wtime.F
ifort: command line remark #10148: option '-tpp7' not supported
ifort             -g -tpp7 -O3 -convert big_endian -c baro_vel.f
ifort: command line remark #10148: option '-tpp7' not supported
ifort             -g -tpp7 -O3 -convert big_endian -c blkin.f
ifort: command line remark #10148: option '-tpp7' not supported
ifort             -g -tpp7 -O3 -convert big_endian -c geopar.f
ifort: command line remark #10148: option '-tpp7' not supported
ifort             -g -tpp7 -O3 -convert big_endian -c getdat.f
ifort: command line remark #10148: option '-tpp7' not supported
ifort -DIA32 -DREAL4 -g -tpp7 -O3 -convert big_endian -c zh.F
ifort: command line remark #10148: option '-tpp7' not supported
ifort -g -tpp7 -O3 -convert big_endian -Vaxlib baro_vel.o      mod_trans.o mod_xc.o mod_za.o wtime.o blkin.o geopar.o getdat.o zh.o -o baro_vel
ifort: command line remark #10148: option '-tpp7' not supported
ifort: command line remark #10148: option '-Vaxlib' not supported
